in March at the lg mvc 2015 exhibition
introduced its new smart watch
lg watch urbane who received the title
the best smart watches of the year in early May
they went on sale in Russia
and here they came to our office
thanks to the store about house dot ru
lg watch urbane has a round display
13 " diagonal with a resolution of 320 on
320 pixels pixel density is
245.
display here is a toilet which gives
maximum viewing angles and excellent
picture without color distortion and
of course the maximum black color is
very effective impact on consumption
battery charge unfortunately in hours
no automatic brightness adjustment
so you have to tune it with your hands
every time you need a watch
there are no more sharp edges like this
It was on lg watch her here all the more
smoothly and harmoniously in elji ji watcher
there were notches on the rim
this bezel is slightly above the glass
display and prevents it from
all sorts of scratches external
mechanical damage lower part
hours made of metal and on it
located heart rate sensor and
contacts for charging
docking stations
recall that in jigi watch era is lower
part was made of plastic
charge the watch with a special
cradle for charging the watch is necessary
put inside and everything is ready it is not
quite convenient as with the loss of this
the most powerful charging hours occur
there is no button to the right
stylized as a crown
she has a pretty tight move to
prevent accidentally pressing this
the button can also be twisted but
It does not carry any function if you click
on the button once an hour and wake up
Two times the theater mode is turned on in this
mode is turned off backlight and all
notifications
and if three times it is activated
maximum brightness but if long for
hold this button then the menu will open
all applications at the bottom of the clock
there is a technical microphone
Characteristics fully replicates
such are a wave of live p this snapdragon
400 operating at a frequency of 1 2 gigahertz
512 megabytes of RAM and 4
gigabyte flash memory
on top of that there is a bunch of all sorts
sensor heart rate monitor barometer
accelerometer and gyroscope and compass
but there are some differences such as
lg watch urbane installed over
modern bluetooth 41 module as well
wifi baby-g module n watch
may receive possibly not notice
only using bluetooth but also
help wifi in lg watch urbane
410 battery installed
milliamper hours with this hours will be
enough for one and a half to two days of work
this is very
very cool at the moment this is the most
long-lived smartwatch on android in
the strap has changed it's much better here
what was gigi watcher strap stitched
thread that gives him some
premium strap width 22
millimeter so if you wish you can
change it to any other lg watch
urbane is slightly smaller in size
predecessor and g vr but they are all
equally massive enough because of this
not suitable for everyone like the clock
look on the hand of the girl watch reserved
from water and dust to the standard with ip67
this lg watch urbane can be loaded into
water to a depth of no more than one meter and
hours not longer than 30 minutes
on android vr 511 more detailed reviews
You can find this update with us.
On the channel, a smart watch will be available in two
color gold and silver price
according to yandex market begins 19
thousand rubles in the end we get
that rajah watch urbane is an improved
version ldpr only in more premium
design
We thank the store about chaos. Ruza
all watches provided for review
be on our channel subscribe
put the husks bye
after